docs: explain how to use presets (#21534)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/config-presets.md

Have you configured a rule that you think others might benefit from?
Please consider contributing it to the [Renovate repository](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/tree/main/lib/config/presets/internal) so that it gains higher visibility and saves others from reinventing the same thing.

> If you need help with putting your preset into the Renovate code, open a [discussion](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/discussions).

Author: ```suggestion
Create a [discussion](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/discussions) to propose your preset to the Renovate maintainers.
The maintainers can also help improve the preset, and let you know where to put it in the code.
```

> I'd direct them to create a discussion to propose

Maybe this wording is better then?
